Look good, this is Zixiao Sword Absolute
Brother Zhao
As expected of the First Elder's disciple of Qin Chuan
I'm waiting for my junior brother to be beyond my reach.
Just dare to be ignorant in front of Senior Brother Zhao
I don't know death
Holy Master Retreat Holy Land
All matters are managed by my master, the eldest elder
What are you?
Don't say beat you and scold you
What can you do if you are useless?
Who are you?
Non-disciples of my holy land dare to enter the mountain gate
The Holy Land is guarded by the Xuanwu Festival World
How did you sneak in around the festival?
Why bypass
A mere Xuanwu Festival Realm
It's broken.
Are you kidding?
Xuanwu Enchantment
Even the saints are difficult to break easily
Just by you
It seems that it is not a good thing for the hermit not to come out
It's all a flock of frogs in a well
It is better to court death in Zixiao Holy Land
My Zixiao Holy Land was the first sect at that time
How can I allow you to speak wildly
Zixiao Sword Jue is pretty good
It's a pity you practiced too badly
Can't display his true power at all
Senior Brother Zhao is the youth disciple of the Great Elder
He doesn't understand, do you understand what I understand and don't understand?
Try your swords